[core] Bound event pagination against non-progressing pages (#2187)
vercel/workflow: .changeset/spotty-pagination-progress.md

---
'@workflow/core': patch
---

> Fail event pagination cleanly when a page reports more results but adds no new events, bounding the load loop against non-progressing cursor responses.

Author: ```suggestion
Further harden event pagination code, failing cleanly when a page reports more results but adds no new events and would get stuck in a loop
```
